cloud: update info about getting support (#11937)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-poc.md

1. Fill in the PoC application form by doing one of the following:

    - On the PingCAP website, go to the [Apply for PoC](https://pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) page to fill in the application form.

>     - In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <svg width="24" height="24" viewBox="0 0 24 24" fill="none" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg"><path d="M9.09 9C9.3251 8.33167 9.78915 7.76811 10.4 7.40913C11.0108 7.05016 11.7289 6.91894 12.4272 7.03871C13.1255 7.15849 13.7588 7.52152 14.2151 8.06353C14.6713 8.60553 14.9211 9.29152 14.92 10C14.92 12 11.92 13 11.92 13M12 17H12.01M22 12C22 17.5228 17.5228 22 12 22C6.47715 22 2 17.5228 2 12C2 6.47715 6.47715 2 12 2C17.5228 2 22 6.47715 22 12Z" stroke="currentColor" stroke-width="2" stroke-linecap="round" stroke-linejoin="round"></path></svg> **Contact Us** > in the upper-right corner, and select **Apply for PoC** to fill in the application form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="IconTopContactUs" />**Contact Us** in the upper-right corner, and select **Apply for PoC** to fill in the application form.
```

1. Fill in the PoC application form by doing one of the following:

    - On the PingCAP website, go to the [Apply for PoC](https://pingcap.com/apply-for-poc/) page to fill in the application form.

>     - In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="IconTopContactUs" /> **Contact Us** in the upper-right corner, and select **Apply for PoC** to fill in the application form.

Reviewer: Preview:
<img width="599" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60599231/211480498-80a6cca6-ab70-407c-967e-708cffd4ba37.png">

>     - In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="IconTopContactUs" /> **Contact Us** in the upper-right corner, and select **Apply for PoC** to fill in the application form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In the [TiDB Cloud console](https://tidbcloud.com/), click <MDSvgIcon name="Icon-top-contact-us" /> **Contact Us** in the upper-right corner, and select **Apply for PoC** to fill in the application form.
```
